#summary How to guide for Maven
#labels Phase-Implementation

= Introduction =
[http://maven.apache.org/ Maven] is a build automation system that allows us to easily compile the source code, run tests and package jars. Maven is also responsible for downloading all dependencies from their repositories.
CSPoker consists of several Maven projects depending on each other. Every project as a "pom.xml" file with the configuration.

For the JavaFX client 2 third-party artifacts have to be added to the local Maven repository. 
Go to the directory with the artifacts (client/gui/javafx/lib) and execute:
{{{
mvn install:install-file -DgroupId=net.java.javafx -DartifactId=javafxrt -Dversion=1.0 -Dpackaging=jar -DgeneratePom=true -Dfile=javafxrt-1.0.jar 
mvn install:install-file -DgroupId=javafx.netbeans.fxuserlib -DartifactId=javafx-netbeans-fxuserlib -Dversion=1.0 -Dpackaging=jar -DgeneratePom=true -Dfile=javafx-netbeans-fxuserlib-1.0.jar
}}}
= Commands =
== Compiling ==
Execute:
{{{
mvn compile
}}}
The class files are compiled in "target/classes/".

== Package to executable Jar ==
Currently there are 4 executable modules:
  * server-rmi (server/rmi)
  * server-allcommunication (server/allcommunication)
  * client-gui-text (client/gui/text)
  * client-gui-javafx (client/gui/javafx)

To make 1 executable jar with all dependencies, go to the respective directory and execute:
{{{
mvn assembly:assembly
}}}
The executable jar can be found in "target/ {{{*}}} -jar-with-dependencies.jar".

==Test==
Execute:
{{{
mvn test
}}}
The class files are compiled in "target/test-classes/".
Errors are reported in "target/surefire-reports/".

==Test with coverage==
Execute:
{{{
mvn cobertura:cobertura
}}}

The class files are compiled in "target/test-classes/".
Errors are reported in "target/surefire-reports/".
Coverage information is reported in "target/site/cobertura/index.html".

==Clean generated content==
Execute:
{{{
mvn clean
}}}
All target directories and generated content will be removed.